Add some basic settings + quickstart docs (#27)
djangsters/redis-tasks: docs/source/index.rst

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to redis-tasks' documentation!
=======================================

> Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.
 It is designed to provide reliable and long running tasks, even in environment 
where workers restarts quite often in cloud services like Heroku.
The task queueing is backed by Redis.
```

Reviewer 2: i like this more, i stunpled upon this sentence as well.

It uses redis for its shared resources like queues.
It's able to provide reliable tasks execution for long
running tasks even in environments, where it's expected
that workers can be restarted at any time, like Heroku.

Disclaimer
----------
`redis-tasks` does not store any kind of task results.

> It's your tasks' code responsibility to store task results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's your job to write code responsible for dealing with it.
```

using a persistence layer of your choice if needed.

Installation
============

> 

Reviewer 3: Make sure you have python >=3.6 installed, then you can instal...

Author: @dkusnik FYI we have it in setup.py
https://github.com/djangsters/redis-tasks/blob/master/setup.py#L25

but it's probably good to also mention it in the docs

Your can install `redis-tasks` using pip like this::

    $ pip install redis-tasks

> 

Author: ```suggestion

.. note:: ``redis-tasks`` only runs on python versions 3.6 and above.

```

You have to either set the :envvar:`RT_SETTINGS_MODULE` or manually
call `settings.configure()` passing in a python settings module
before you can use redis-tasks in your code.

Quickstart Guide
================

Prerequisite: You have successfully installed redis-tasks and have a redis insteance ready.
In this Quickstart Guide we'll use "redis://localhost:6379" as our REDIS_URL

> Very basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jump start
```

Reviewer: Or this title could be removed I think.

------------------

> 1. Create a tasks module `tasks.py` and write a function that you want to execute in a worker using redis-tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create `tasks.py` and write a function that you want to execute in a worker using redis-tasks
```

.. code:: python

    import urllib.request
    from redis_tasks import redis_task

    @redis_task()
    def print_len_of_url_content(url):
        with urllib.request.urlopen(url) as f:
            print(len(f.read()))

> 2. Write an rt_settings module to supply your custom config to redis-tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `rt_settings.py` to supply your custom config to redis-tasks
```

Author: unify with 1.

   In this example we just pass the REDIS_URL from the enviroment

.. code:: python

    import os
    REDIS_URL = os.environ['REDIS_URL']

3. In a separate terminal/shell start a worker::

   $ export REDIS_URL='redis://127.0.0.1:6379'
   $ export RT_SETTINGS_MODULE=rt_settings 
   $ python -m redis_tasks.cli worker

You should see a message that the worker started successfully::

    16:15:39 INFO    redis_tasks.worker: Worker iw-T460p.14152 [0e015d7a-79c7-42be-8b02-add7161c5951] started

4. Using an ipython shell or whereever needed in your code, you can
   now enqueue this tasks to be executed by the worker at any time like this:

> .. note:: Make sure that your the python process is also started with the same ENV VARS as the worker process, see export calls in step 3.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. note:: Make sure that the python process is also started with the same ENV VARS as the worker process, see export calls in step 3.
```

.. code:: python

    from redis_tasks import Queue
    default_queue = Queue()
    from tasks import print_len_of_url_content
    default_queue.enqueue_call(print_len_of_url_content,
                               kwargs={'url': 'https://www.readthedocs.org/'})

In the worker logs you should see the task being started and finished::

    16:15:53 INFO      redis_tasks.task: Task tasks.print_len_of_url_content(url='https://www.google.com/') [095c3eb9-7073-4ad6-a7cc-16885ee962a4] started
    12862
    16:15:53 INFO      redis_tasks.task: Task tasks.print_len_of_url_content(url='https://www.google.com/') [095c3eb9-7073-4ad6-a7cc-16885ee962a4] finished

> Basic example (including scheduler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With scheduling
```

-----------------------------------

> 5. To add regularly executed tasks we extend the rt_settings module to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far the configuration allowed you to run the tasks almost immediately. What if you want to specify the exact time?
5. First you should add to rt_settings module this:
```

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to redis-tasks' documentation!
=======================================

> Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.
> It uses redis for its shared resources like queues.
> It's able to provide reliable tasks execution for long
> running tasks even in environments, where it's expected
> that workers can be restarted at any time, like Heroku.

Author: ```suggestion
Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.
Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.
 It is designed to provide reliable and long running tasks, even in environment 
where workers restarts quite often on cloud services like Heroku.
The task queueing is backed by Redis.
```

Reviewer 3: Redis-tasks is a framework for executing and maintaining background tasks. It is able to provide reliability in environments where workers often restart, like in cloud environments (e.g. heroku). This allows running time consuming tasks without concerns about the proper execution. The task queuing is based on Redis.

Disclaimer
----------
``redis-tasks`` does not store any kind of task results.

> It's your tasks' code responsibility to store task results
> using a persistence layer of your choice if needed.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to store tasks results, you have to use
a persistence layer of your choice in your task code.
```

Installation
============

Your can install `redis-tasks` using pip like this::

    $ pip install redis-tasks

> 
> Or add `redis-tasks` to your requirements.in/.txt

Author: ```suggestion
```

You have to either set the :envvar:`RT_SETTINGS_MODULE` or manually
call `settings.configure()` passing in a python settings module
before you can use redis-tasks in your code.

Quickstart Guide
================

> Prerequisite: You have successfully installed redis-tasks and have a redis insteance ready.

Author: ```suggestion
Prerequisite: You have successfully installed redis-tasks and have a running redis instance.
```

In this Quickstart Guide we'll use "redis://localhost:6379" as our REDIS_URL

Very basic example
------------------
1. Create a tasks module `tasks.py` and write a function that you want to execute in a worker using redis-tasks

.. code:: python

    import urllib.request
    from redis_tasks import redis_task

    @redis_task()
    def print_len_of_url_content(url):
        with urllib.request.urlopen(url) as f:
            print(len(f.read()))

2. Write an rt_settings module to supply your custom config to redis-tasks
   In this example we just pass the REDIS_URL from the enviroment

.. code:: python

    import os
    REDIS_URL = os.environ['REDIS_URL']

3. In a separate terminal/shell start a worker::

   $ export REDIS_URL='redis://127.0.0.1:6379'
   $ export RT_SETTINGS_MODULE=rt_settings 
   $ python -m redis_tasks.cli worker

You should see a message that the worker started successfully::

    16:15:39 INFO    redis_tasks.worker: Worker iw-T460p.14152 [0e015d7a-79c7-42be-8b02-add7161c5951] started

> 4. Using an ipython shell or whereever needed in your code, you can

Author: * In another separate terminal/shell 
* remove whereever in your code part

   now enqueue this tasks to be executed by the worker at any time like this:

.. note:: Make sure that the python process is also started with the same ENV VARS as the worker process, see export calls in step 3.

.. code:: python

    from redis_tasks import Queue
    default_queue = Queue()
    from tasks import print_len_of_url_content
    default_queue.enqueue_call(print_len_of_url_content,
                               kwargs={'url': 'https://www.readthedocs.org/'})

In the worker logs you should see the task being started and finished::

    16:15:53 INFO      redis_tasks.task: Task tasks.print_len_of_url_content(url='https://www.google.com/') [095c3eb9-7073-4ad6-a7cc-16885ee962a4] started
    12862
    16:15:53 INFO      redis_tasks.task: Task tasks.print_len_of_url_content(url='https://www.google.com/') [095c3eb9-7073-4ad6-a7cc-16885ee962a4] finished

Basic example (including scheduler)
-----------------------------------

5. To add regularly executed tasks we extend the rt_settings module to this:

.. code:: python

    import os

>     from redis_tasks import crontab, once_per_day, run_every

Author: ```suggestion
    from redis_tasks import run_every
```

    REDIS_URL = os.environ['REDIS_URL']

    TIMEZONE = "UTC"  # timezone to be used by scheduler
    SCHEDULE = {
        'print_len_of_readthedocs_org': {  # the task entry identifier
            'task': 'tasks.print_len_of_url_content',  # dotted module path to function to be executed
            'schedule': run_every(minutes=20),

>             #'schedule': once_per_day('06:00'),  # Alternative 1
>             #"schedule": crontab("0 0 * * 1")},  # Alternative 2

Author: ```suggestion
```

            'args': [],
            'kwargs': {'url': 'https://readthedocs.org/'},
        },
    }

> 6. In a separate shell/terminal Start a scheduler process::

Author: ```suggestion
6. In a separate shell/terminal start a scheduler process::
```

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to redis-tasks' documentation!
=======================================

Redis tasks is a framework for background tasks execution.

> It uses redis for it's shared resources like queues.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
It uses redis for its shared resources like queues.
```

It's able to provide reliable tasks execution for long
running tasks even in environments, where it's expected

> that workers can be restarted at any time, like heroku.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
that workers can be restarted at any time, like Heroku.
```

Disclaimer
----------

> `redis-tasks` does not store any kind of task results.

Reviewer 5: Why don't you use double '`'? Now you have italic and not monospace `redis-tasks`

Author: ```suggestion
``redis-tasks`` does not store any kind of task results.
```

It's your tasks' code responsibility to store task results
using a persistence layer of your choice if needed.

Installation
============

Your can install `redis-tasks` using pip like this::

    $ pip install redis-tasks

> Or add `redis-tasks` to your requirements.in/.txt

Reviewer 5: This suggests some magic. Just adding is to `requirements.txt` won't install. I would remove this line

> You'll have to set the :envvar:`RT_SETTINGS_MODULE` or manually

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You have to either set the :envvar:`RT_SETTINGS_MODULE` or manually
```
